Half an hour away from the opens in Hong
Kong, Shenzhen, and Shanghai. You're
watching the China [music] Show. I'm
Yvon Man with David and Glass.
>> Happy Friday. Our top stories today,
stocks across the Asia-Pacific joining
this global rally that's ahead of US
inflation [music] numbers coming through
in the next few hours or so. We're
watching Chinese tech names specifically
as Beijing deepens [music] its push for
self-reliance in cutting edge
industries. Risk appetite also getting a
boost after the White House confirms a
high stakes meeting next week between
Donald Trump and Xi Jinping.
>> And Intel's Asian suppliers rallying on
its return to profit. An upbeat forecast
signaling progress and its comeback.
[music]
Good morning. Final session of the week
[music] just uh under 30 minutes away.
Uh two major pieces of news, encouraging
pieces of news here really getting
momentum back on track here. So one is
of course this meeting that we now know
is scheduled for next Thursday between
the two presidents and of course also uh
when it's relates to China of course the
fourth plenum and the read out there a
focus on technology smart manufacturing.
And we'll get into all of that in a
moment. But as you can see on your
screens, by the way, Taiwan is shut
today. Uh we are called higher uh across
most equity markets this Friday morning.
Right. Uh we're coming off quite
speaking of higher quite a big pop in
oil prices yesterday. The biggest since
I believe June or July on Brent in West
Texas. We are seeing that a little bit
pair back uh sideways if you will. um
gold as things stand on track and I
think the first weekly decline get this
and it's almost November since August
it's been quite a run there and
overnight the big moves there the first
reaction to the readout which came out
late afternoon on Thursday is one on
price that's much much better although
volumes were about 50% lighter than
usual there but obviously some of the
big names we'll be tracking going into
the open today hen tech and everything
in between futures are pointing higher
should be coming up on your screens very
shortly There we go. That's a nice pop.
Let's call it 1% on the A50 futures. And
of course, we're looking at a 10-year
yield, 30-year yield specifically,
hovering still near near these one month
lows. But yes, this geopolitics
and internal politics all pointing to
reasons to buy this dip.
>> Yeah, save the date when it comes to
Thursday, right? Next Thursday at OP
Ape, that's really when we're going to
see Trump and she meet. So, that was in
itself enough for these risk assets to
really bounce back once again. You add
that to what the readout of this fourth
plenum is looking like and this emphasis
on tech right new quality productive
forces is certainly one reason why maybe
the tech play is going to be back in
vogue once again.
>> Yeah. Um so the you know a lot of the
stuff that uh took a backseat this week
because of the momentum trade falling
back. So you had dividends coming back
in. So I think that's certainly one area
of the market I'm curious to see play
out today as momentum comes back.
interesting and just in terms of the
sequence of events, right? We got the
key takeaways ahead of the longer
document which comes out in March on on
the readout there and I think in the
next hour we'll be having the briefing
as we were just pointing out earlier on
talking about how uh some of the
takeaways from that readout. Uh just
very quickly uh before we forget and
we'll probably forget about this because
there's lots of other things but yes
it's a big earnings day across Chinese
markets today. Great matering and bank
among the many names coming out with
their report cards. Um likely towards
the end of the trading session and yeah
just a quick snapshot of the names to be
watching uh on the back of this earnings
theme coming through uh today. There we
go.
>> Yeah. uh what it's going to be busy,
right? If the more I hear about what's
going to come next week here when it
comes to APEC and
>> how are they going to fit everything in
is is my
>> or even just the people, right? We're
talking not soul, right? We're talking
about Gyongju um and this place that is
quite beautiful out here. So, um I'm
going to be heading over there Stephen
Steve and and Sher as well. So,
certainly it's going to be a big big
sort of week uh for the China show
specifically at a time when we're seeing
this plenum, right? You know, there was
this emphasis on on self-reliance,
right? It seems like they're really
doubling down on this growth model.
Really relying on external demand to
support growth. Now, yes, you heard a
little bit of consumption, but I think
economists were still a bit disappointed
by maybe not concrete or at least not
much conviction on that front there.
Maybe it
>> it was almost to your point like of an
acknowledgment of the underlying
economic reality, right? that for now
there is some softness in in that demand
curve right now and the need really to
lean into technology and maybe smart
manufacturing and is that implicitly a
blessing in terms of exports as being a
key driver again uh of this Chinese
economy right uh in fact let's get into
all of that and joining us out of
Shanghai is Minman Lo of course a China
correspondent who's been pouring over a
lot of these things Minman what stood
out to you
>> yeah obviously I think the big focus
because this year is tech
self-sufficiency and China's industrial
policy. Right? And I think it's
interesting to read the government's
assessment of where their economy is
right now. It says that China is facing
a new period of coexistence between
strategic risk and opportunities.
They're entering a period of many
unpredictable factors and that means
they need to double down on doing their
own affairs well. So what does that that
mean? It really means that they have to
rely on themselves for you know for tech
for capturing the the commanding heights
of science and technology. So the
article talked about how China wants to
be a powerhouse not just when it comes
to chips and AI but also transportation
aviation internet. Um so that's a big
focus and the article also says China
will double down on advanced
manufacturing as a key backbone of the
economy. Now bear in mind manufacturing
is already the biggest contributor to
GDP about 25%. So I can imagine this is
likely going to be a continued sticking
point with the US which has already
accused China of being over reliant on
on manufacturing and exporting its over
capacity to the rest of the world and
that could set the tone for the C Trump
summit next week.
>> There there was some text that did
mention about bolstering consumption
which seems to be the other big focus.
Now if you break down the language what
does that tell you Minman?
>> Yeah consumption certainly is a key
focus for the next 5 years as well
because it was mentioned four times in
the communicate which is more than the
one time it was mentioned back in 2020.
This is where there is a little bit of a
divergence in terms of how analysts are
reading this. City Croup, for example,
is saying the language there is perhaps
not strong enough to show China is
determined to break that deflationary
streak, especially with terms like
anti-involution being omitted from the
communicate. But my take is you got to
bear in mind that this is a broad policy
document and the detailed blueprint is
not necessarily going to be released
until March of next year during the two
sessions. So there are other analysts
like Namuras, Tinglu for example
believing that we could see the uh PBOC
cutting rates by 10 basis points by the
end of this year. Uh and Larry Hoo from
Mccuri as well saying that this could be
a clear signal that China will focus on
combating deflation after the fourth
pleum. Perhaps we're not going to see
any um near-term stimulus given China is
on track to meet the growth target this
year. But longer term that's certainly
going to be a big focus.
>> Uh men, what else? What what else stood
out here apart from what's we we we've
already talked about there?
>> Yes. So I mean the big focus has been on
on tech and new quality productive
forces, right? And on a side note sort
of the flip side to that is that perhaps
China is not so focused on achieving
quantitative growth. The commun
mentioned that that will be kept at a
reasonable level which some analysts
believe to mean that China will uh keep
its growth target over the next five
years to be somewhere between perhaps
around 4.5% which is in line with most
economists forecast that growth is going
to trend below 5% in the coming decade
or so. Uh but the other thing that is a
bit of a concern to me is when it comes
to consumption, a part of it is about
improving people's livelihood so they
have the money to spend right but
improving people's livelihood is
actually quite low in the ranking of
priorities in the platinum uh community
and it seems like if you read into the
details it says that China will create
incentives for various business entities
which Goldman Sachs believe to mean that
we could see perhaps market deregulation
or policy support. There's also mention
of removing the barriers to create that
unified national market which is
important to reduce inefficiencies and
wastage and investment. So it seems like
in order to boost consumption they might
be focusing more on the supply side
reforms rather than the demand side and
that could be uh something that perhaps
is falling a little bit short of
expectations among investors here.
Yeah, and yeah, Mim is a great point
when you mention about, you know, what's
been mentioned and what hasn't been
mentioned, right? We we just threw up
this graphic from Goldman Sachs and
their report from Ho Sean and her team
>> and they really crunched the numbers.
They really did a whole word count on
what really mattered this time around.
>> Let's show it here real quick because it
really was the tech reliance that
certainly was one of the key, you know,
buzzwords there. Stability, consumption,
and risk control that was increased
stable. But what we maybe hear is is
pretty neutral and maybe is the
livelihood side of things, security,
employment. What has decreased though
they've highlighted here was the reform
side and also the opening up sort of uh
the story there Dave.
>> Yeah. And I wonder if that is almost a
sort of a refocusing. So you know how
you know in the past few years we've
talked about dual circulation.
>> Yeah.
self-sufficiency obviously and whether
or not because of what's happening
outside this turn inward to focus on
your strengths like tech and advanced
manufacturing and leaning into really a
growth model that has I wouldn't say has
worked in cycllically but has worked to
give them a sort of a better position in
these negotiations right when it comes
to many of the strengths that uh rare
earth for one of course is one of the
things that have highlighted going into
this negotiation today but anyway there
we go that's the we'll talk more about
this and the key takeaways there the top
of the Next hour will be the briefing
and yeah, Goldman Sachs is with with the
word count. Uh, control F for the win.
Okay, counting down to the open of
trade. Under 20 minutes away, the
opening bell. [music] Futures are
pointed substantially higher here as we
go into this uh open. This is the China
show.
Let's get back to our top story here
right now, which of course is the fourth
party plenum that wrapped up and with
the promise really to enhance techn
technological self-reliance and grow the
domestic market in the next 5 years.
Joining us now is Jun Ning, professor of
finance at Shanghai Jaoong University.
Juning, it's always great to have you
back on the program. Um, you you've been
able to read this readout. Obviously
there's no you know you know a lot of
details but what can we glean from it in
terms of what's really changed in terms
of the vision for the next five years
for China.
>> Well I think there's a continuation of
what has been decided for the 14th
5-year plan. So I think that the grand
brand master plan is largely going down
the same path but I think a few
highlights is worth uh noting. I think
one is as you mentioned I think there's
a lot of emphasis on self-reliance on
cutting edge technology on the
competition for next generation
technology and there's also I think
increasing mentioning probably not as
much as some other people are hoping for
about the importance of integrated
domestic market and the importance of
boosting uh consumption demand in uh in
the domestic market in China and then I
think as I have been predicting I think
there's increasing mentioning of uh the
sustainable growth the more inclusive
growth the provision of better social
welfare programs uh in the next 5 year
plan
>> and joining David, Professor David here.
So the this this
reappearance or the re-emphasis on
advanced manufacturing, do you think
that is implicitly
uh elevating the role of exports and
external demand as as again an important
driver for the economy? thing
>> I I I think the increased export could
be a uh a a derivative or could could be
a consequence of the emphasis on
advanced manufacturing even though I do
not think that is the main purpose of
the uh this this is mentioning I think
this is like a continuation of the made
in China 2025 in trying to move China
above the uh uh upper in the value chain
and trying to ensure China has that
capability of both innovation and
manufacturing and delivering the whole n
yards with its comprehensive supply
chain.
>> Does does this put this whole, you know,
goal of rebalancing the economy, you
know, more into consumption?
Does does that take a step back now? Is
that more of a secondary consideration
now? Because a lot of economists are are
saying that there wasn't even the
mention of even involution in this
readout that it doesn't seem like
there's enough conviction to really kind
of pull this economy out of deflation.
Well, I I think that the readout is a
very high level policy that's coming out
of the party meeting. So, I think a lot
of details will be coming out from the
governmental uh meetings and the uh
central economic work conference. So,
this is focusing on economy even though
the wording or the the specific policies
will not be as precise as what would be
hoping for or what we will be getting in
a few months of time. So, I don't think
those things those two things are
necessarily contradicting each other.
And also I think uh the goal I mean
there is the emphasis on trying to
ensure or improve the economic growth in
general. So I think uh in my view it's
more about there is emphasis on advanced
manufacturing but I wouldn't necessarily
think this is ruling out the emphasis on
domestic market and consumption growth
uh at the same time.
And professor just drawing also on your
background in economics and consulting
for many international firms is there
anything that foreign firms can glean
from this in terms of what their future
is uh in terms of this Chinese market
both as an end market and of course as
also a manufacturing hub.
>> Uh yes probably there are a few
implications. One is I think China is
still aiming at boosting its domestic
markets growth. So I think given the
size of the market, there is still quite
a bit of potential for the foreign
companies to do business in China and
sell their products eventually in
Chinese domestic market. The market is
getting more evolutionized. Uh the
market is very competitive and not very
easy to navigate. Those are all true.
But then the potential of the market
remains quite quite a high for foreign
companies. I think that's one takeaway.
The second is I think mean how to be
more competitive when they are operating
in China. I think there is clearly uh uh
some advancement in Chinese own
capability and domestic uh uh
self-reliance. So how would foreign
players better integrate them into the
domestic market both for their eventual
uh uh market in China or outside? And
the last one is I think mean national
security or the sensitivity of the uh
sovereign ownership of the technology I
think becomes unavoidably clear in the
the document. So I think it is quite
important for foreign companies to think
harder about well where they are in uh
how they are perceived in their
technology or how they will be perceived
in the future by the technological uh uh
uh development in the next few years.
So from what you you see right now I
mean do you think you know the growth
target of around 5% is that is that
going to be a pretty you know are we
seeing a pretty solid path for that
right now Juning and in terms of policy
signals what do you think could still
come when it comes to the stimulus side
of things?
Yes, I I I wouldn't be surprised that we
will be seeing the around 5% growth
target for the five the 15th 5-year plan
and I think after all we need that to
achieve the doubling income by 20335
goal which was set by the 20th penant.
Uh I think in terms of policy is I think
I I I would agree that we would be
needing more aggressive monetary and
fiscal uh stimulation uh to ensure the
economy is growing at that path. And
then in that tone I think we have to be
more aggressive with trying to correct
or reverse uh the uh the deflationary
expectation uh which is hurting the
economy in the long run. So I think that
is something that the policy makers
would have been working harder to uh
turn around or at least stabilize in the
perception of the price levels.
>> Uh professor before we let you go the
one of the big events where you are in
Shanghai was the bun summit. you know
our colleague Stephen Angel has been
covering that for us. You were my
understanding is you were there and you
attended some of the sessions. What
stood out to you there?
>> Well, I think there's a lot of
discussion about I think what we have
been discussing about the benefits of
globalization and there are some
specific discussion about innovations
such as stable coins and web 3.0. Uh I
think in the meantime I think people are
still uh a little bit uh uncertain about
what was going to come out of the summit
meeting between President Xi and
President uh Trump and also how the the
future of globalization and the global
collaboration especially in the field of
finance will evolve in the next few
years. So I think it's quite lively but
I think still full of uncertainty based
on my observation.
>> Professor, thank you so much for the
time. Have a great weekend ahead.
Juning, professor of finance at Jao
Shanghai Jaoong uh University there.
About 10 minutes to the opening bell.
We're looking at tech platforms,
semiconductors, hardware, software uh on
the back of some of the priorities set
out uh in the readout there. And we are
looking at initially uh there we go.
Yep. Quite uh quite a bit of upside
right now. 1.4% on HST and we are now
looking at just [music] let me just go
through some of the names here. As
expected, Huahong Semi 3%, Horizon
Robotics 3%,
SMIC up 2 and a quarter 1%. More on this
in a moment. This [music] is the China
show.
[music]
Right, welcome back. Massive move in
Intel post hours turnaround seems to be
there's a lot more meat in the bones
there. It's playing out across the Asia
Pacific. Some of the shares and
companies tied to uh Intel's fates
moving up substantially in the likes of
Japan for example. Uh yeah let's let's
get more on this. In fact let's bring in
let's get the intel. Why not
intelligence senior semiconductor
analyst Kungjan Sabani in San Francisco
for us. Kung first thank you so much for
for joining the show today. What stood
out to you sir?
Yeah, I mean like today seems to mark a
start of a fundamental true turnaround
that we have been hoping or really
wanting to see from Intel in a while. Uh
I know the stocks had rallied over the
last 2 months but most of that upside
was driven by the deals like the US
government and Nvidia and the soft bank
investment which helps in long-term
tailwinds but doesn't do much in
near-term but the results they showed
today a a good beat in 3Q even though
the 4Q impli seemed like a slight miss
it was because consensus had Altera
revenues baked in which they should not
have had. So if you adjust for the
Altera business exit, they seem to have
delivered a good guidance as well. Uh
along with that more micro things you
know progress on 18A uh them running on
supply constraint on the 10 and 7 and uh
18A coming up in Arizona which
structurally has a better cost
advantage. All of these steps seem to be
moving in the right direction
fundamentally. Uh even the gross margin
trajectory as well as OPEX discipline
that they have shown and what we expect
in 26. So we think finally things are
turning around for them. It will still
require some patience and execution like
today we saw would be key to be
consistently delivered at least for the
next year.
>> Yeah. So certainly a comeback is
underway. Kungjan I'm just wondering in
terms of you know can they still
manufacture products that attract
customers again right that you know it
seems like they've been struggling to
capitalize on this surge in AI.
>> What more can they do on that front?
I think at this point it's just a wait
and watch game like you know I don't
think they can do anything immediately
to uh show us that they can start
manufacturing sort of next quarter. uh
these things do take time. I think as
they keep on showing quarter after
quarter 18A yields improving, 18A cost
structure improving and them running
more capacity on 18A uh showing gross
margin improvements surrounding that
that should build confidence in the
customers who are also evaluating like
us on how they're doing on 18A because
that is sort of their workhorse and
their proving grounds of whether they
could be a third party foundry supplier
for a node like a 14A.
Kungjan, thank you so much. Kungjan
Sabani there, our senior semiconductor
analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence that
keeps us in the in the tech theme here
going into the open today. Uh, and yeah,
I mean, substantial move on the HST
early on and as you can see, it's green
across your screens and a lot of green.
I'm curious to see what southbound flows
will look like given this dip today and
the comeback of momentum. Lenovo as you
can see on your screens as well 2% and
Huah Hong and some of the sort of
self-reliance
uh robotics and uh some of the key
priorities there out of the uh the Ford
plan.
>> Yeah, McCory had a good note that came
out yesterday late uh last night as well
talking about look it's import
substitution names that may gain on this
whole China tech push. So it's not just
the Intel story but also what we heard
from the plenum as well. So plenty of
reasons to maybe be a bit long when it
comes to the tech space here this
morning as we wrap up this trading week.
And of course as we countd down to that
Apex summit between President [music]
Trump and she that meeting you can
circle your calendars next Thursday is
happening in South [music] Korea. You're
watching the China show. The open is
next. This is Bloomberg.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. pounding down to [music] the open
of markets and it's it's a good
approach. It's a solid approach. We've
yet to see what volumes look like
because volumes overnight [music]
in US listings in the US. While they did
extremely well, volumes were not quite
there. But that could change. We'll see
what Southbound posts look like going
into this [music] this this open today.
>> Yeah, we're still looking on track u
pretty solid footing here in terms of
wrapping up the trading week and we look
to snap two weeks [music] of losses
already. So, uh really the optimism
around tech, this rebound seems to be
underway once again, right? We talked
about the [music] moment that we heard
about that date that when Trump and she
are going to meet next week. That was
enough to kind of reinvigorate the
animal spirits once again.
>> Are you more excited with your trip
coming up?
>> I am. I was excited before. I'm even
more excited that it's actually
happening. Right. So yes, uh tune in to
China show next week. I'm going to be
there uh in Kyongju. But yeah, you take
a look at when it comes to the plenum as
well. I mean that readout had such an
emphasis when it came to tech that maybe
there is a bit more to chew on there
when it comes to this whole HStech rally
as well. So there you go. CSI300 is
doing this here right now. We're up four
ten of 1%. The tech space, as you can
see, right, the big names like CL,
Cameron Tech is doing quite well.
Cameracon is up some 2%. Still following
that movement when it comes to oil
prices, as Dave mentioned here, we're
still seeing a bit of elevation when it
comes to that price here after what we
heard about US sanctions on Russian
firms uh this week as well. Flip the
boards and we'll see how the rest of the
text tech space is doing in Hong Kong.
There you go. We're up 1% for agents
tech. Hang saying we're we're punching
around two to three% gains for the week
already. So, this is looking to be a
pretty solid session here right now on
this Friday morning. Take a look at
Alibaba. We're up some 2% here. HSBC
seems to be heading the opposite
direction. Uh but when it comes to the
HStech space, there you go. We mentioned
most of which are in the green right
now. I'm looking at my on my terminal.
Uh there you go. 28 are up, two are down
here. the EV space like LEO and Neo are
the only ones that are that are in the
red, but it's the chip space. Huah Hong
Semi that is the the leader of the board
here today. We're up some 3% on some of
these chip names as well. SMIC is also
doing very well. There you go. So,
HStech, that's really what we're seeing
in that space. This is where really
investors are are tilting towards and
given this readout. Uh the consumption
space, we did hear some at least
acknowledgement of the need to build up
the domestic market and the like. Uh so
you know whether that actually helps you
know some economist says it was a bit
lacking in terms of details there on
that readout but we're watching also
earnings from Prada as well right Miumu
did very well but they're still dealing
with the core brand Prada that is still
looking not as strong. So there you go
sales at least rising there boosting
hopes of of recovering the luxury
sector. We're up 5% for Prada here
today.
>> Yeah. Yeah. MU to the to the rescue.
Okay. Uh let's have a look a closer look
at this readout. Um and of course in in
about 30 minutes time we'll get to the
briefing so perhaps more context there.
But so Goldman Sachs had this they they
did a word count analysis of some of the
sort of key takeaways and that uh
emerged. So tech consumption risk
control decreased reform and opening up
u in terms of what remain largely
present things like people's livelihood
and employment. So what does that mean
in as far as investment strategy is
concerned? So we've already seen market
reaction in tech chips for example.
Green energy is also one thing to watch
as well. Let's bring in Charlotte Yang
uh our Asia equities reporter here to
talk us through what your team was
thinking looking at this readout going
into today.
>> Yeah. So overall it's meets investors
expectations but the top scene that
really stands out one as you mentioned
is tech. you know this emphasis about
building stronger industries also
boosting in innovation as well as tax
self-reliance and this has translated
into the sectors that for example from
hard tech on semiconductors the cheap
makers to the software side and also as
well anything that's related to AI as
well as green tech I think and a lot of
these stocks are already not that cheap
but I think um you know this this is the
five-year development plan if there's a
long-term structural growth story bit so
that's really u help boosted investor
sentiment But also, you know, we'll be
watching out for the more detailed um uh
statement that comes out later um this
month. And another um sector I think
investors focusing on, as you mentioned,
is consumption. Even though there isn't
that much of a, you know, anything
that's like really surprising. I think
investors like to see that there's this
emphasis about boosting social uh
security, welfare, and also investing in
the people. Um something investors might
not like is the lack of mentioning of um
anti- evvolution. you know this popular
phrase there was a lot of um focus on
for example solar those sectors that had
was facing problems with over capacity
um so yes and property there's also
mention there's a mention this time
versus last time there was no mention at
all so that's also a positive sign
>> so given what we've heard from analysts
and the like do they feel like this is
enough for Chinese markets to to
continue this rally
>> how are we looking at as we countd down
to the rest of the year
>> so I think for this one no bad surprise
is also good I I mean overall it's
extending the current directions right
whether that's with TAC or with um
boosting domestic market and also now
you have um the market's focus right now
is definitely shifting to the Trump and
she talk because right now what you need
is clearing those um trade uncertainties
and a lot of the moves earlier about US
um China you know tat those restrictive
measures people were perceiving it more
as a tactical play ahead of the talk but
if the if that doesn't if that's not
tactical but more structure I think that
could be a headwind for the bottom
market.
>> All right, Charlotte, thank you.
Charlotte Young there, our Asia equities
reporter
>> on some of the main themes and what
investors are really kind of looking at
here uh in terms of the uh readout. So
certainly that's one thing to watch.
Let's talk about overall just broad
markets and bring in our MI strategist
Mark Cranfield. He joins us from
Singapore this morning. Mark, it's great
to have you. Uh it seems like
everything's back up again uh after what
has been a few days of where momentum
has been sapped. Uh, do you think that
we can, you know, sustain this sort of
this this sort of rebound?
>> Uh, yeah, at least at least until we
hear that the president see Donald Trump
meeting is is canceled again.
I we still got we still got we got
plenty of time for that meeting to be
on, off, on. I mean, who knows? But
anyway, for now, yeah, great. We're
going to have a we look as though we're
going to have a meeting uh next
Thursday. And for the time being it look
it looks as though investors can expect
at least um a mildly positive meeting
between the two. But who really knows
because there there's so much that can
happen in between there from the Chinese
market point of view. Importantly the
there was nothing really surprising as
Charlotte was explaining earlier there.
There's nothing really surprising in the
readout from this 5-year plan. But the
key change really here is that what what
investors have seen really since China
started doing the the big stimulus
measures which began in the fourth
quarter of last year is that finally the
Chinese government is allowing tech
companies to be innovative and to make
money and generally providing positive
sound bites and help in that direction.
Now that's a massive contrast to what we
saw during the COVID zero period when
foreign investors really got scared of
Chinese markets because what they saw
was unhelpful interference, specific
people in the tech sector being
targeted, some companies being blocked
from doing what they do best, that has
changed completely. And as long as
international investors and Chinese
investors for that matter, as long as
they see the Chinese government and
authorities generally being supportive
of their own companies and their own
markets, that's a very good thing. So,
as long as companies can get on with
making money and innovating, that's all
that equity markets need to see. And
that appears to be the general consensus
coming out of this this 5-year plan. So,
just keep doing what they've been doing
for the past three months. equity
markets will be happy. The icing on the
cake for that would be that the US and
China find another reason to be
friendly, not to impose new tariffs on
one another and generally just allow the
situation to be pretty much as it has
been since April. Since the liberation
day, everyone got over that, started to
put things back together and since then
generally things have been pretty good.
Equity investors would like to see more
of the same. Thank you very much.
[laughter]
>> Okay, Mark, can I ask you about Korea?
You've been writing about that in
today's blog. I mean, clearly this
market's been head and shoulders above
pretty much every every other market
this year. Um, is was there anything
from the BOK that bolsters the bull case
further for for Korea? How do I look at
this market now?
Yeah, from the Bank of Korea's point of
view, it's pretty pretty clear the door
is still open to further interest rate
easing. Uh they didn't hide that from
anybody. I think that's the the general
interpretation. It doesn't mean to say
there's a rate cut coming immediately,
but certainly their bias is towards
looking for more opportunities to lower
interest rates, which is generally in
line with what we're seeing from most
people in Asia. Federal Reserve is going
that way. Asian countries would like to
be able to ease a bit more as soon as
they can. The unusual situation a lot
people been talking about why is the
Korean one weakening and yet the Cosby B
is is so strong. You have a very unusual
situation in in Korea where investors
are actually paid to do their currency
hedging. So if you're a if you're a
foreign investor looking at Korea, you
can sell the Korean one on a one-year
outwite basis without incurring any
cost, which is pretty unusual. And that
means that you have a natural currency
hedge against the the Cosby. So if
there's a sudden turnaround in the
situation, at least you've got some
currency protection in place and it's
not costing you anything to do so. Of
course, the worst case scenario is that
we have another fallout like we had in
April. Markets go into a tail spin.
Dollar goes much weaker because people
are selling in the American theme and
stock markets go down at the same time.
But that's pretty unusual. Doesn't
happen very often. So for the time
being, you have a great scenario
if you want to pop money into Korea.
Stocks looking positive and you can
hedge the currency with no risk.
>> Fantastic. Mark, thank you so much. Mark
Cranfield in Singapore for us, our ML
strategist. And there is of course one
entry in the blog today. That inverted
currency curve is really part of the
ongoing coverage [music] of today's
market comeback, the rebound in the bull
in the bull case today. There we go.
coming out of Mark [music] Cranfield. A
little bit further below. I think the
copper entry is Mark's comment there.
Anyway, check it out. Emma live on your
Bloomberg terminal.
[music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
Show. Uh an adviser to the PBCOC says
Beijing needs to take major steps to
stabilize the property market to really
uh begin turning around weak economic
indicators. Speaking to us at the Pun
Summit in Shanghai, uh Hangi Ping said
the uncertainty around the Trump trade
war is also hurting China's business
outlook.
Well, I think on the one hand you
mentioned about the tariffs. Uh we don't
really have a number yet, but what
happened during the last 6 months really
damaged the confidence of the
enterprises like the numbers ranged from
probably 145 to somewhere like 30 40%
and then mentioned the 100%. I think for
the businesses this basically means
policy uncertainty. you don't know what
is going to happen and that I think is
affecting negatively your investment
your employment and also show in
manufacturing PMI numbers so I think uh
uh we don't yet have an agreement but
the uncertainty is very very damaging to
macroeconomy
>> it hasn't necessarily been reflected in
the latest quarterly GDP results why why
is that and
>> well yeah
>> well the third quarter The GDP numbers
might already reflect some of it but the
second quarter number is quite clear.
GDP numbers still 5.2%.
And you look at for instance the
production exports consumption they're
resilient and that's why GDP numbers
okay but if you look at another set of
numbers the the inflation rate which was
very sluggish. You look at the PMI which
was below 50 and the private sector
investment and also the migrant workers
unemployment rate. These numbers to me
all suggest that the confidence level is
low and the businesses just don't know
what is going to happen.
>> You contributed to an article in
September about needing more fiscal
support for the the housing market. Uh I
I assume you still believe that. So what
kind of shorter term policy stimulus
would you recommend?
>> What we really need is for the
government including the central bank to
do something major to repair the balance
sheet of household of the enterprises of
the local governments and maybe also of
the financial institutions. They need to
be recapitalized in order to expand
their lending businesses.
>> So what would that major step be? I mean
recapitalization of the banks and what
else? How do you recapitalize the
households if they're holding on to
those savings
>> for the household? I think the key thing
is if we can try to do something to
stabilize the property market. Yeah,
>> that will take us a big step forward.
But also for the local government, I
think we needed to be aggressive in
easing the fiscal policy but really
trying to provide more money for the
local government to spend. At the moment
the central government is like expanding
by these special government bond,
long-term government bond and so on. A
lot of them like requires
important conditions for the local
government to to use it. So the pace of
dispatchment of these money is not very
rapid.
>> POC adviser Hang Yeping there speaking
to our very own Steven Engel at the bun
summit in Shanghai. Now in some other
global news this morning, French
President [music] Manuel Macron has told
EU leaders that they need to consider
using all available options against
China [music] to resolve Beijing's plan
export controls on rare earth. This
includes using the block's most powerful
trade [music] tool known as the
anti-coercion instrument. The European
Commission is currently working on
options if [music] could use if a
diplomatic solution with China is not
found. Japan's new trade minister Rios
Akazawa is warning that [music] China's
rare earth export controls could be used
to slam the brakes on Japan's car making
industry. He says Beijing controls
nearly all of the elements needed for
[music] magnets used in car motors and
steering systems. He's suggesting that
Japan may need to find alternatives for
the minerals or ensure supplies [music]
from allied nations. Bloomberg has
learned that the Trump administration is
in early stage conversations with
quantum computing companies on [music]
potential financial support. Sources say
the commerce department has discussed
the potential use of chips of the chips
act funds [music]
to back projects and companies critical
to national security. We're told the
administration would seek something
[music] in exchange for any financial
support. And the FBI has arrested NBA
player Terry [music] Rosier and coach
Chanty Phillips in two separate illegal
betting schemes. [music] Now,
prosecutors say Rosier of the Miami
Heat, wagered using non-public NBA
information. Bilips, [music] the head
coach of the Portland Trailblazers,
faces charges in a case tied to rigged
poker games allegedly [music] run by New
York mafia families.
>> Okay, coming up, well, excuse [music]
that arrested no more. Uh, Binance
co-founder Champang Xiao CV is the
latest crypto entrepreneur [music] to be
pardoned by President Trump. We assess
the impact on the crypto industry.
Coming up, this is Bloomberg.
[music]
Well, we're talking crypto markets here
this morning and certainly we did see a
big move when it came uh to one when it
came to this news here, right? We're
talking about the Binance coin. Uh we
saw a bit of a pop there on the back of
what President Trump did, right?
Pardoning Binance co-founder Champing
Jao. One of his biggest moves yet to
fully embrace the crypto industry and
give legal reprieves to some of its most
prominent people. Trump says he pardoned
Jao at the request of quote a lot of
good people, although he has never met
him. Let's get to our cryptocurrency
reporter, Zashi Go. She's with us here
right now. Um, you know, there's been a
lot of talk uh about this. Tell us a
little bit more about the backstory,
right? The connection between Binance CZ
and the Trump family crypto ventures.
>> Hey, Ivon. Uh, yeah, exactly. So, first
I would like to say as you mentioning,
this is one of the high most
high-profile uh pardons by President
Trump in the crypto industry. Uh it was
uh um kind of uh little bit expected as
well. Uh but still it's a big news.
We've seen the Binance related token uh
surge more than 8% overnight after that
news. So yes, it's a big important
information that's coming through now.
Uh regarding the connection as Bloomberg
News has reported uh before that you
know uh the that Binance and CZ Changpo
is well known as CZ in in the crypto
world. So CZ, Binance and the Trump
family uh members have been kind of uh
related in a you know interconnected you
know through their crypto ventures. One
of them being a project called World
Libert Liberty Financial. It is a
decentralized finance protocol uh which
is linked to the Trump family uh uh
members including President Trump's sons
and also President Trump himself is a uh
uh you know co-founder Emiratus there.
So uh what is happening uh between the
connections over there is uh Binance uh
we have reported that Binance helped in
writing the code that underpinned uh the
this world liberty financial project
stable coin called USD1 and uh
subsequently uh this USD1 stable coin
was used as a mode of payment uh for uh
buying by by a Abu Dhabi based uh
investment firm called MGX to buy into a
stake of worth $2 billion. dollars into
Binance. So, uh we can see we if you can
join the dots, we can see the
connections between the co-founder of
Binance which is CZ Binance and uh you
know this Trump family uh relate
connected uh crypto venture. Uh we've
also reported Bloomberg News has also
reported that uh after uh CZ uh uh you
know came out of his uh completed his uh
prison sentence last year he met uh uh
President Trump's uh uh you know US uh
Middle East envoy who is also the
co-founder of this world liberty
financial u uh project company uh Steve
Witkov he met him after uh after his
release from jail. So uh you know in a
way if you join the dots we can see the
connections the backstory that you are
asking about Ivon.
>> Now Shivashi uh specifically for Binance
what does this have any implication in
terms of the business outlook for the
company?
>> Yeah it's an interesting question David
and indeed it does according to uh
several experts. The reason being you
know uh number one is Binance is uh even
after the the when when CZ and Binance
was inducted and you know they plead
guilty uh for the charges that on
anti-moneyaundering and US sanctions and
violations even after that CZ had
stepped down as a CEO of Binance but he
still is a controlling
shareholder in in the company in
Binance. So uh what has happened is that
we in crypto we called it as an uh you
know uh ultimate beneficial owner. he's
still the ubo of the company and when uh
Binance Binance being you know the
largest crypto exchange uh it it wants
to grow faster it wants to grow across
the world and uh because user base is
required for a fast growing u crypto
exchange to grow into new economies new
geographies uh you need uh regulatory uh
approvals and for regulatory approvals
you need uh typically regulators look at
the UBO uh and if the UBO has been uh
you know has been charged by the US then
it it really has some implications in
terms of getting those approvals to
sorry to expand into other countries in
that sense this clears Binance from and
help because the UBO UBO's name is clear
C's name is cleared now
>> it it could potentially help Binance to
speed up its expansion into other
countries including Binance US in the US
>> right
>> okay thank you so much I I'm a bit more
confused than uh than we started things
off. Anyway, multiaceted,
multi-elemented uh that story there. So,
Vashi Go, thank you so much.
Cryptocurrency reporter in Singapore
unpacking really the ties and the likely
implications for Binance. Just have a
quick glance at markets 25 minutes. Uh
we're about 7/10 of 1% in between of
course the three main benchmarks. Tech
is leading the way as you can see top
row left most side. Uh we are also
continuing to see the 30-year yield
hovering near these one-mon lows. Uh the
starboard small caps up about 2%. Very
quickly, Mtoan is the one of the very
few red spots, well weak spots rather
red is up in China. Um across the HSC
index down about 1.2 there. Dim bond
sale coming through and mainland
semiconductor stock [music] coming up as
well very very shortly. There we go.
Cameracon all the way to SMI [music]
doing very well. Plenty more ahead. Lots
more on the way. This is the China show.
>> [music]
[music]
>> Welcome back to the China Show. Happy
Friday. We're just a half hour through
the [music] session at the HSI and we
continue to see uh some decent gains
when it comes to this market. We're up
610 of 1%. HStech certainly is driving a
lot of that here this [music] morning.
There was the plenum readout that
certainly did focus and double down when
it comes to manufacturing advanced
high-tech and the like. And then you
have of course next Thursday which has
been confirmed where the president she
and Trump will be meeting. So yes, it
looks like it's going to be a good day
when it comes to longing risk assets
here. But yes, there's still a lot to to
deal with right on what could come out
of South Korea, right? Is it going to be
likely that the grand bargain and grand
kind of trade deal that that Trump has
talked about weeks ago? It seems like
his need for kind of quick wins means
that maybe it could could be just simply
just dial down tensions. That could be
maybe the best case scenario that comes
out
>> and that could be that could be a good
thing, right? And if we get any
indication this time next week and I
imagine that's going to be an absolutely
manic 12 hours that Thursday evening
going into the Friday morning in terms
of the news cycle, right? Are we going
to hear from the US side? are going to
hear from the Beijing side. Uh is it
going are we going to get any indication
of a potential or maybe cemented visit
uh to Beijing from from from the US
side. So lots of things to consider. Uh
the other thing to point out is around
that time is we had the BOJ, the Fed and
everything else also taking place. So
that's also quite a big risk event for
markets. Uh we're coming off one of the
best days for Brent yesterday, 5% to the
upside. That's down to the Russia India
story. uh we're hovering and just
slightly below uh the cutoff today. Gold
is on track for the first weekly loss in
about 10 weeks or so. Silver futures are
also down quite a bit. So, so we're well
below the $50, uh mark there. Uh FX
markets, uh we'll talk more about this
later in terms of the CPI print coming
out of Japan core CPI on the hotter side
of things, but the yen is trading as if
the BOJ is not going to do anything
about it next week. Uh perhaps December
is what our call from the Bloomberg
economics folks are talking about here.
Now going back into the platinum and the
readout there and you're seeing on your
screens the big initial winners based on
what the markets are doing and acting on
everything from Hong Kong semi uh and
Horizon Robotics up and all up
substantially in the first 30 minutes uh
of trade.
>> Yeah. So everything from hardware
software import substitution. And I mean
the the you runs the gamut here really
on what could be beneficiaries of this
uh plan read out here. So certainly
that's one thing. We have these live
pictures that are happening right now uh
here. This is the press briefing on the
topic of course of this fourth plenary
session of the 20th CPC central
committee. So we'll see if we hear any
more details on what really came through
here in this week-long meeting and uh
really what what investors can really
glean into here. But it seems like there
is this doubling down really on this
growth model of really focusing on the
export side of things and manufacturing.
>> Yeah, Minman Lo has been pouring over
that readout for us. She's uh she's in
Shanghai uh covering the story for us.
So So Min while we wait for more context
from officials in Beijing. Just to you
what stood out to you from from the
readout?
>> Yes, there were really two big buckets
in terms of priorities, right? One is
the tech self-reliance and the other is
consumption. So when it comes to tech,
the the readout had highlighted some of
the big commanding heights of science
and tech areas that the government wants
to focus on, not just on chips and AI,
but also aviation, transportation, uh,
and internet. Uh, and this is something,
you know, as the government doubles down
on advanced manufacturing as a backbone,
that's something that could continue to
be a sticking point with other countries
that have accused China of dumping its
over capacity on other countries. But
consumption also another big focus. It
was mentioned four times in this
communicate compared to just once back
in 2020. So that shows you that the
intention is clear from the government
that they do want to increase the share
of consumption in a GDP. It's 40% last
year but this has been a really
difficult task. Right? We have seen
about 30 months of deflation so far and
some analysts are saying that the
language perhaps is still not strong
enough with words like anti-involution
being omitted in the the communicate and
some are saying maybe that shows that
the the determination is still not
there. Although other analysts are
saying that you know what this is a
broad policy document the details of the
blueprint may not necessarily be fleshed
out until the central economic work
conference in December or the government
work report in March. So it doesn't
necessarily contradicts with uh the
broad intention to boost consumption and
Namura for example is saying that this
is going to be a long-term goter term
goal even if in the short term we might
not expect any big stimulus given that
China is already on track to meet the
growth target this year.
Yeah. So it seems like this at least
there's a a readout there is a you know
a framework of what is ahead in terms of
the vision for China the next five
years. Do you think this gives Xiinping
a bit of more political capital now
leading up to this apex summit and
meeting with President Trump?
>> Well I think so far if you look at the
trade data it shows you that exports
have been holding up very well and that
Chinese exporters have been very nimble.
Right. But I think the the task to boost
consumption has been very challenging
for China so far. And the other thing
that is concerning is if you look at
China's uh cleanom communicate it still
shows you that improving people's
livelihood that's still pretty low in
the priority. And it's interesting if
you look at what Goldman Sachs have have
done when they crunch the numbers uh and
and the the word analysis of the
communicate it shows you that things
like um employment uh people's
livelihood the word count for that
remains stable even as there's uh
increased mentions of uh of things like
tech and consumption. So if people's
livelihoods uh are not better, their
incomes are not being increased is going
to affect how much they're going to
spend. It seems like China is still
focusing more on the supply side
reforms, perhaps more market
deregulation, more policy support and
incentives for businesses to promote
certain types of consumptions. And that
is where I think some analysts are
concerned that maybe not enough is being
done to really address some of the
structural issues in the economy.
>> Yeah. Well, there's a several hundred
page readout due in March. Might have
some details on that. Minman, thank you
so much. We can wait for that. Minman
Low, our China correspondent in Shanghai
for us. Now, another top story we're
tracking this morning is u as we were
just talking about there with Ivonne,
the White House has confirmed that
Thursday next week is the day to watch.
President Trump will meet President Xi
Jinping on the sidelines of the Apex
summits. Our chief North Asia
correspondent Steven Angel explains
what's at stake and the potential
stumbling blocks ahead.
After more than six years, Presidents
Trump and Shei plan to meet face tof
face in South Korea at a time of
significant economic friction between
the world's two largest economies. While
their respective teams have held direct
trade talks, the opportunity for Shei
and Trump to hammer out at least some of
their differences in person could be the
catalyst towards more stable ties or
not. For sure, the leverage game is in
full swing. Earlier this month, Beijing
announced a new round of export controls
on rare earth minerals, vital inputs for
a range of high-v value industries,
including advanced electronics and
military systems, adding intensified
uncertainty for global manufacturers,
not just in the US, but Europe as well.
Most countries know this is not
particularly targeted on them. It is
mainly a retellation to the recent the
US moves on China. So if these countries
they handle relations with China
especially trade and economic relations
with China where without assisting the
US in sanctioning China in in pursuing
the export control China I think you
know they don't have to worry about
this.
>> Now while the Europeans weigh their
response Trump is threatening to hike
tariffs on China to 155% from November
1st.
>> But China's been very rough with us over
the years. The US citing national
security has implemented its own export
controls restricting China's access to
high-end semiconductors and the
equipment to make them particularly
those used for artificial intelligence.
The result an accelerated push by both
nations for greater self-sufficiency
andor an increased reliance on or
through other key trading partners from
critical components to strategic crops.
China is buying the bulk of its soybean
imports this year from South America
instead of the US. And Trump has now
struck a deal with Australia for rare
earth. Underlying these economic issues
are the geopolitical risks in the
Asia-Pacific. Potential heightened
military activity, particularly around
Taiwan, would no doubt disrupt shipping
lanes and supply chains. I think when we
finish our meetings in South Korea,
China and I will have a really fair and
really great trade deal together. I want
to be good to China. I love my
relationship with President
>> China's position on handling China US
economic and trade issues has been
consistent and clear. Trade wars and
tariff wars have no winners and are not
in the interest of either party. Both
sides should resolve relevant issues
through consultations based on equality,
mutual respect, and mutual benefit. For
global business, the primary expectation
for this on again, offagain Trump
meeting is less about finding a single
comprehensive deal between the two
countries, but more as an opportunity to
seek at least a step towards
deescalation. Steven Engel, Bloomberg
News, Shanghai.
All right, we are of course still
waiting for any more details that come
through in this press briefing between
Chinese officials after releasing that
fourth plenum communicate. But yes, uh
continue to see this one here as uh a
reason to really continue to add to
gains in this equity market in China,
right? Continue to see the tech space
doing quite well here today. We'll bring
you more details once we get more plenty
more ahead. is Bloomberg.
[music]
Right, [music] welcome back. Equity
markets are back on track following the
wobble in in some of the momentum
factors this week. Uh but let's see how
long this lasts because we're going into
quite a big uh window of risk uh going
into next week geopolitics and we just
talked about there the Fed and they're
likely going to cut interest rates. But
yes, equity markets have done
exceptionally well this year. Joining us
now from Sydney, Jun Leo, co-founder and
lead portfolio manager at Ken Cap. Uh
Junbe, good morning from Hong Kong.
Thanks for thanks for joining us and
happy happy Friday by the way. I mean
equity markets have done well. inflation
looks like it's behaving itself. It
looks like rates are going to come down.
So I guess my question is what's not to
like in equities and what's the risk we
don't see then?
>> Yeah, absolutely. Well, thank you so
much for having me. Happy Friday. Good
afternoon from Australia. And uh look,
it's um equity market you absolutely
right. The fundamental of equity market
is pretty strong. So you know like you
said you know everything's handing tren
trending the right way. At the same
time, we still have that underlying
structural shift into the AI and AI
enabled sectors and everything else to
drive efficiency and there's a lot more
to come. So all of that looks incredibly
strong. Uh now of course the you know
usually seasonally if we talk about
September October is it is seasonally a
little bit more volatile. You know we
might see a bit of thing but so far
actually we've gone through pretty well
and into December usually is a much
stronger seasonality. So everything
looks pretty good. Um look at the the
tail risk. There's always a lot of tail
risk. These days we do have a lot of
geopolitical risks. We have the trade
negotiation that might you know to and
fro will take quite some time to come
through or whether we will get to the
final outcome uh if within the next 12
months. So it will be a long negotiation
and to and fro we may have bit of profit
taking markets done well particularly uh
China market uh some of the Asian
markets done incredibly well you might
see a bit of profit taking um you know I
think some of already uh pointed at the
China market that the valuation is
already um you know slightly above the
long long run average so the valuation
support is not 100% there um you know we
do think you'll run a little bit further
but it just you know you're hitting to a
bit of resistance um you know just
potentially with any sort of headline
might be a bit of profit taking.
However, taking a step back, we do think
the fundamental uh for overall equity
market look pretty good.
>> So, is that a a good environment to to
buy the dip? Is that still the mentality
to to go on any sort of pullback or
retreat that we see in these markets?
How what have you been doing for the
past few weeks?
>> Yeah, definitely buying the dip. So, you
know, the every market has its own
unique um uh sectors that um sort of has
been underperforming. So um you know
putting the valuation aside uh you know
some of the sectors does look expensive
just a little bit cautious we like the
cyclical sectors sectors for uh
benefiting from the falling interest
rates uh whether it's your property
sector uh not so much China China is
slightly different put that aside the
rest of Asia um you know we do like the
uh the interest rate beneficiaries the
cyclical the retail the consumer
oriented sectors all very very strong so
we love uh that kind of exposure you
absolutely buy on the dip because we
know there's a lot more interest rate
cut to come through and that's where you
want to go. Um now the with the um China
market is is actually very very
interesting. Um you know we are seeing
that look the property property market
is um continue to be pretty weak but I
think in general uh the market itself um
you know the fundamentally uh you will
see more retail um participation and
retail retail investors buying the dip
because you know quite frankly there's
not that many other asset classes that
you that that looks great for them to
invest into. So there there is that sort
of pentup demand for that kind of uh for
that sort of buy the dip mentality. So
um yeah absolutely if you see the uh
volatility that's where where you go
>> the
when do we start uh entertaining the
possibility let me phrase that more
carefully entertaining the possibility
of a possible rotation into uh some of
the more cyclical names in in China
because those ones have been really
unloved and you know for good reason
when you look at where the economy is
and I wonder whether or not that is
closer than people think out of tech and
into the sort of value of cyclical names
in China.
>> I think in China it's very very
interesting. So I will be um you know
continue to hold part of the uh the
growth part of the market because um
that is still quite newly discovered for
um you know for investor base because um
you know the AI trend will continue that
will be a lot of investment uh I will be
still sitting in there but the cyclical
part um there's pockets looking very
interesting now the consumer I know is
still being very very tough but I think
heading into next year we should start
see given that uh easier comps and the
like. So I will be looking into those
space and also given the share market's
done well a bit of wealth effect to come
through. So into 2026 um you know at end
of this year I'll be looking to move
some of it. But look, I think a part of
as a part of the struct uh portfolio,
you always have um you know, especially
towards the China, you always have that
kind of AI bent to the tech growth um
exposure because now after all, it's
like the second largest um um sort of um
you know, most advanced um you know,
economy that has that sort of uh AI
development just after the US. So, you
know, so I think it's very exciting.
J, I know you cover mostly equities, but
I'm wondering what you're seeing in
terms of other asset classes in
particular. You know, the wobbles that
we're seeing in gold, for example, the
last few weeks, uh, crypto, even the
liquidations that we saw a few weeks
ago, even, you know, even credit, right?
What do those sort of sort of, you know,
volatile days and events tell you? You
know, do you think equities are
vulnerable in any way to any of those
event risks out there? And and even just
what we're seeing in other asset
classes.
Yeah, that's a really really good
question. Actually, recently we just
went to New York. We met up with all the
banks and asset owners just posted uh
the third quarter results. Um and we're
getting a lot of insight. So I do think
that the a stronger equity market with
the asset class will be correlated. So
we think the fixed income um you know is
doing okay but equity market will
absolutely give you a lot more return on
top of that. Uh the credit space is very
interesting. Clearly we recently had a
couple of hiccup in the US uh because of
fraud. Look what what it looks like
fraud. Um but I do think that private
credit market is more isolated incident.
So there is still a lot of growth to
come. Uh just a little bit more
oversight. You know regulators have
never really paid too much attention to
it. Just bit more oversight. So I think
that all the asset classes are actually
looking reasonable. Uh gold I actually
think gold and crypto they both look
like they have a good place in the
portfolio. So recent pullback I actually
think um it's good buying opportunity.
Um and uh the gold itself you know I
think if you look at the gold equity um
they still come earnings upgrade. So you
will be having buying some of them um on
this pullback. Um you know because of
the fixed income and equity have such a
high correlation these days you do need
to have other asset that's why people
buy gold buying the crypto just really
to diversify from everything else
>> in in this kind of environment where
everything is going up. Is it more
difficult for you guys that manage money
to outperform? Is it this is a more you
know everybody's happy beta play market?
>> Oh look at you know it's it's a for
active manager like oursel we love that
kind of market because um you know it's
market sentiment can change there's
volatility but it goes higher so if you
pick the right stock you do better than
the market and that's what we do. So um
you know active managers does really
well in this market um and um you know
passive is where there is a bit of
challenge you can have volatility and
others. So yeah, so know this sort of
market um you know we do love
>> Jim Bay, thank you Jim Bayu there,
co-founder and Lee, portfolio manager at
10 cap joining us out of Sydney here. Uh
we're watching of course these markets
uh in greater China and this is what
we're looking like here. So it looks
like Shenzhen continues to have a field
day really after yesterday those news
that we saw about you know really
strengthening the stock market and you
know wanting to do see some more M&A in
that space. So there you go. China X is
up some 2% as well. Well, the innovation
board is also up to 3% here. And tech,
there you go, continues to perform quite
well. We're up 1 and a.5% here this
morning. The flip side of things when
you take a look at value, look at
dividends, maybe that's taking a bit of
a step back today.
>> Yeah, the rotation back into the winners
just from earlier this week, right? How
quickly mindsets can change. Uh just
back to this ongoing briefing uh in
Beijing after releasing the fourth
plenum communicate and some of the lines
that have come through so far. Not a
lot, but some of the more material ones.
Just to mention the uh this this is by
the way the Hanwan Shio speaking in
Beijing and they're looking to increase
soft power over the next 5 years or so.
Let's listen in.
>> Quality improvement and the foundation
enforcement.
>> Consolidation and upgrade means to
upgrade traditional industries. The
traditional industries are the
underlying base of China's industrial
system. It accounts for about 80% of
added value in the manufacturing sector.
The recommendations propose
upgrading key industries, consolidating
and strengthening standing and global
competitiveness of our chemical
industry, machinery and shipmaking
sectors
and advance and develop advanced
manufacturing clusters. This will
accelerate the transition from an
accumulation of quantity to an upgrade
of quality. Our initial estimation is
that in the next 5 years there will be
more than 10 trillion yan market space.
Innovation and and create more benefits
to the people and society.
Innovation cultivation is to foster
emerging industries and future
industries. In 2024, the three new
economies accounted for more than 18% of
China's GDP.
The recommendations propose
the cluster development of strategic
emerging industries including new
energy, new materials, aviation and
aerospace and low altitude economy. This
will give rise to several trillion UN
level or even larger scale markets.
The recommendation also proposed making
forward-looking plans for future
industries
and foster new growth uh economic growth
points like quantum technology,
biommanufacturing, hydrogen energy and
nuclear fusion energy, brain computer
interface,
embodied intelligence, sixth generation
mobile communication and others. These
industries are ready to take off. It
means that in the next 10 years, we will
build another or even several more
high-tech industries in China.
And this will inject continuous impetus
to our efforts to achieve Chinese
modernization.
Quality improvement means to promote
highquality efficient development of the
services sector. There is huge space for
this to happen in the services sector.
The recommendations proposed
implementing
proposed expanding the capacity and
upgrading the quality of the services
sector and better integrating modern
services with advanced manufacturing and
modern agriculture. This will speed up
uh the reshaping of economic ecology and
better meet the needs of the people for
a better life. It has opened up new
space for economic growth. Yet another
enormous market in China.
Foundation reinforcement means to build
a modernized infrastructure system.
China already has the world's biggest
infrastructure network of highspeed
rail, expressways, ports, postal
delivery, electricity and broadband
connection. The recommendation proposed
strengthening the coordination and plans
of infrastructure development and
frontload the building of new type of
infrastructure as appropriate and
improve the system of modern
comprehensive transport.
We will also better leverage the
development of uh bel road initiative to
ensure that infrastructure will play a
strong supporting role for our
development. Second, we will build a
robust domestic market. The economies of
major countries are all driven by
domestic demand and the market is the
most scarce resource in today's world. A
strong domestic demand is a strategic
underpinning for Chinese modernization.
The recommendation proposed expanding
the
domestic market as our strategic base.
In order to achieve that we will
focus on three key areas. First expand
increase
market. We will focus on both boosting
domestic demand and consumption
and invest both in human capital and
physical asset.
We will seek upgrade
in the consumption of goods and services
and increase the participation of
private sector in in the major project
development. Second, increasing the
efficiency
The expansion of consumption will uh
continue to drive the Chinese economy in
an upward trend.
Second, increase in efficiency. The
fixed asset investment in China has
exceeded 50 trillion. But the task of
benefiting the people, showing up weak
links and fostering driving force
remains arduous.
Particularly it is important to spend
government fund at the most needed areas
and on the life of the people. To this
end recommendations propose improving
the structure of government investment,
increasing the investment ratio, a
livelihood related
and better use all kinds of government
investments
so as to ensure full process management
of government investment. The leverage
role of government investment will
increase the efficiency of overall.
Third,
land distribution,
the recommendation proposed
strengthening the strategic
implementation of the functioning role
of different regions
and improve strategic industries and
energy resource bases. Third, we'll
focus on the new type of urbanization.
We'll vigorously advance a new type of
urbanization with people at its center
and vigorously upgrade the tech urban
facilities.
There will be enormous domestic demand
unleashed from this effort. I give you
an example.
We expect to renovate more than 700,000
kilometers of underground pipelines and
networks and increase investment of more
than 5 trillion. Third, we will focus on
the coordination of land and the sea.
China's marine economy has exceeded 10
trillion.
The recommendations proposed strengthen
the utilization and protection of marine
resources and strengthening the
restoration of the maritime
and firmly safeguarding our maritime
rights and security. This will enhance
our efforts to uh build
a better maritime.
In the future, the DRC will act on the
plans of the CPC Central Committee.
deliver on the guiding principles of the
recommendations,
draw up an outline as soon as possible
so that this is a high quality plan that
meets the expectations and leads to the
future. Thank you.
>> Thank you, Mr. Now I will give the floor
to Mr. Inu to brief you about science
and technology and innovation. Friends
from the press
opening remarks,
>> Chinese officials, they're holding a
briefing after releasing that fourth
plenum communic. And yeah, we heard so
far is from uh this was the NDRC chief
Jung Shan talking about plans to boost
support for new industries and to
develop these new pillar industries in
the next 5 years. Let's get more now
from our China correspondent Mimman Lo
and she's been listening in at this
press briefing. What do we know so far
Mman?
>> Yeah, I think at the right at the very
top the officials gave their assessment
of the current situation and global
environment, right? And they talk about
how the world is under undergoing
profound uh changes and transformation
that is unseen in a century that the
balance of power is being profoundly
adjusted uh and there are a lot of
shifts a lot of volatility and
uncertainty and China needs to turn this
crisis into an opportunity and once
again similar to what we had seen in the
communicate readout the officials
mentioned that the number one task of
the party is China's industrial policy
and it's not just about focusing on
technological innov innovation. It's
also upgrading the old traditional
industries and having uh turning them
into a to more high-tech one. And he
talked about, you know, having to uh
create more breakthroughs especially in
core technologies and the upgrading of
this traditional industry should create
a 10 trillion uh market room for more
opportunities and not entirely clear how
they come up to to that 10 trillion
number. Uh but it's interesting. It
looks like this is a major focus uh for
the economy. Of course, consumption also
another big focus. Uh the officials talk
about well-rounded common prosperity,
increasing or improving people's
livelihood, especially a rural
revitalization as well, increasing
income for farmers and turning
agriculture into a high-tech sector in
the future.
>> Right, Mim, thank you so much in
Shanghai for us from Shanghai. Take you
straight back to Beijing. This live
briefing is still ongoing and I believe
we're going to listen in and we're not
we I believe we're now hearing about
this the plan to increase technology and
science. Let's listen in manufacturing
increased by 42% compared with the end
of the 13th 5year plan period AI new
energy biotechnology and other frontier
areas. New growth drivers are in the
making.
Scientic innovation has made the skies
bluer and water clear, provided better
health guarantee and brought greater
sense of happiness and gain for the
people.
Looking ahead for the next five years,
the recommendations highlighted that
Chinese modernization must rely on
scientific modernization.
During the 15th 5-year plan period, we
will seize the historic opportunities of
the new round of technological
revolution and industrial transformation
to boost China's strengths in education,
science, and technology, human resources
in a well coordinated manner.
[clears throat]
Improve the overall performance of
China's innovation system. Raise our
innovation capacity across the board.
promote greater self-reliance and
strength in science and technology and
steer the development of new quality
productive forces. The recommendations
laid out plans from four aspects. First,
promote advances in the regional
innovation and breakthroughs in core
technologies in key fields. We will
improve the new system for mobilizing
resources nationwide.
adopt
a whole of chain approach so that in
integrated circuits, industrial machine
tools, high-end instruments and other
key fields, decisive breakthroughs will
be made. We will prioritize national
strategic needs and deploy and implement
a number of major national scientific
tasks. We will strengthen the strategic
forwardlooking and systemic planning of
basic research
and scale up long-term stable support.
We will
prioritize regional innovation in
researchers and technological
development and produce more landmark
innovative outputs.
Second, promote greater synergy of
technological and industrial innovation.
We will
develop national strategic scientific
capabilities in a coordinated manner and
enhance systemic capacity for
technological breakthroughs. We will
strengthen a guarantee of basic
scientific conditions at home, improve
regional innovation systems, move faster
to effectively apply scientic outcomes
and better protect intellectual property
rights. We will reinforce the principal
role of enterprises in innovation,
support enterprises in taking the
initiative to form innovation consortium
and undertake more national tasks for
technological breakthroughs. We will
nurture leading high-tech enterprises,
support new and high-tech businesses and
[clears throat] to the development of
scient
expenses eligible for weighted
deduction. We will nurture a culture of
innovation and foster a globally
competitive and open innovation ecology.
Third, make synergized progress in
education, science, and technology and
talent.
We are put in place a coordination
mechanism for synchronized advances
and to promote greater synergy in
planning, policy, resources and
evaluation.
We will cultivate talent to meet the
needs of scient innovation, industrial
innovation and national strategies and
speed up efforts to build a contingent
of personnel with expertise of strategic
importance.
We will highlight innovation capacity,
quality, results and contribution in
valuation and deepen the reform of
project review, institute assessment,
talent evaluation and income
distribution. Fourth, advance the
digital China initiative,
we will develop an integrated
digital market that is open, shared by
all and safe
and deepen the integration of real
economy and digital economy.
We will accelerate digital innovation in
such fields as AI,
ensure effective supply of computing
resources, algorithm and data.
We will fully implement the AI plus
action to empower different sectors in
an all round manner. We believe that
with our hard work in the following five
years, China's scient capabilities will
be brought to a new high
and scient innovation will steer the
development of new quality productive
forces and high quality development
providing stronger support to Chinese
modernization. Thank you.
>> Thank you, Mr.
Now I will give the floor to Mr. Wang to
brief you about opening up during the
15year plan.
>> Friends from the press, good morning.
I will give a brief opening remarks on
opening remarks.
There is a specific chapter in the
communic of the plenum on expanding
higher standard opening up. It shows
that the CPC central committee with
Kinping at its core attaches great
importance to opening up and sends out
the strong signal that China is
committed to opening up and doing
cooperation.
Let me share with you the following
points. First
opening up is an important instrument to
promote reform and development. Over the
years, our reform and opening up has
been mutually reinforcing. We have kept
reducing barriers to the flow of factors
at or beyond the border and steadily
expanded institutional opening options.
China leads the world in trading goods
for eight consecutive years and its
volume of trading services exceeded$1
trillion US last year. We have completed
and China has been among the top three
countries in terms of outbound
investment. Higher standard opening up
has become a robust driver for China's
economic development. Second, opening up
is a broad pathway to develop ourselves
and contribute to the world. In 2024,
China was the major trading partner of
over 150 countries and regions. During
the 14th 5-year plan period, China's
import of goods and services will be
more than 15 trillion US. China's
outbound investment has been translated
into over 300 billion US of tax payments
of recipient countries, created large
amount of job opportunities and
contributed to local industrialization
and modernization.
Higher standard opening up has become a
great cause that benefits both China and
the wider world. Third, opening up is a
resolute decision that is in line with
the overall trend and will help us to
sail forward
despite the rise of unilateralism and
protectionism. Economic globalization
remains the prevailing trend of history.
China is firmly committed to expanding
open. We have ensured continued success
of the China International Import Expo,
rolled out experiments for opening up in
pilot free trade zones and declared that
as a responsible major developing
country, China will not seek new special
and differentiential treatment in
current and future negotiations at the
WTO. China has promoted opening up by
all through its own opening up and
injected certainty and positive energy
to the world. As for the work related to
the opening up in the 15th five-year
plan period, the recommendations have
laid out plans in four aspects. First,
we will take the initiative to open
wider.
Our opening up meets both China's needs
and the world's aspiration.
We will take proactive steps to align
with high standard international
economic and trade rules, prioritize the
services, and expand market access in
areas of opening up to include
launch the circle of friends in economy
and trade. We will make faster progress
in regional and bilateral
[clears throat] trade and investment
agreements and expand the network of
high standard free trade areas. We will
build hops of opening up and ensure
successful pilot experiments.
Second, we will promote innovative trade
development. The recommendations laid
out plans for the three pillars of China
turning China into a trader of equality
that is trading goods in services and
digital trade.
In terms of trading goods,
we will expand trading intermediate
[clears throat]
goods and green trading, remote.
>> All right, we're just going to briefly
step out from this ongoing briefing to
tell you about some what seems to be
fairly consequential breaking news right
now. We're seeing a really bad reaction
in the Canadian dollar. So, US President
Donald Trump, and just to paraphrase
this very very simply, the headline says
everything you need to know. All trade
talks with Canada have been terminated.
There is a longer post I believe uh on
why the US has decided to go to go this
route. More lands coming through. Canada
did this to interfere with the Supreme
Court decision. Again, context is key
here. I'm looking at the Canadian dollar
on your screens. It's now weaker and as
you can see the reaction is right at
about the time that we're getting these
headlines coming through. I'm also
looking at the currency against most of
its peers and yeah the the looney is
weaker across the board against every
one of its major peers as I speak. So
we'll need to really get more details on
this but there's very little I can glean
from this at the moment.
>> Yeah. So this is regarding an ad that uh
Trump is talking about that Canada has
as he's quote fraudently used that did
speak badly of tariffs and this is what
they were talking about here and and why
we are seeing this abrupt halt in trade
negotiations with Canada. So we'll
continue to watch this one but the
currency market certainly is reacting
quite swiftly on the back of that post
from the president. Uh we'll bring you
the updates once we hear a bit more, but
in the meantime, let's bring in Jinglu,
Greater China, chief economist at HSBC
Global Investment Research. You've been
listening in to this press briefing
that's happening post readout. Is there
anything that we need to highlight that
that changed or new to you?
Well, I guess um what um appears to be
missing is this uh mention of
anti-involution campaign, but I think uh
they have said it without directly
mentioning it. Um basically um there's a
um very strong word about we need to
push forward the uh to build a unified
national market and uh uh that seems to
be a bit unclear what they uh they are
about to do but I uh usually make a
parallel with uh what the European Union
said about build a unified market and as
a matter of fact if we look at uh what
China has been doing this year they have
introduced new laws and also amended old
laws and regulations uh basically
emphasizing uh fair competition and uh
uh in the YU's case um there's this uh
uh principle against state aid. So in
China's case it's about tackling the
local protectionism. So I think it's a
um basically um unspoken importance and
we're going to see how China will use it
to uh rebalance the economy including
obviously the demand side uh stimulus
and then the improvement on the social
safety net etc etc.
>> Yeah. And you know we'll I wonder
because we'll in in March we'll get the
fuller you know the specific numbers and
and the goals and you know all the
details that back up this this exercise
and I wonder if it will show up in the
form of higher inflation because at the
end of the day we want to see how that
translates to higher expected inflation
down the road and can you make a direct
link now between having a unified market
in the way that EU does to your point
that EU states it's member states but in
China it's provinces for example and
possibly higher inflation
>> I guess
>> or am I overthinking it? uh China
actually has a inflation kind of target
just that uh it doesn't seem to be um
you know aligned with uh well at least
from the market perspective not totally
in line with the policym for example
this year they reduce inflation target
from 3% to 2% more reachable but uh we
still see a lot of uh challenges here
and there I guess they will continue to
say uh 2% that's more or less the um the
norm in other countries as Well, but uh
in terms of the measures, I think there
will be more stimulus on the consumption
and more measure in pushing forward the
urbanization uh which can help uh
increase the disposable income.
>> What do you make of this sort of intense
intensified focus on technology and
doubling down on really advanced
manufacturing? It seems like they're
under this strategy where you know as
long as I massively invest in you know
innovation and the next future of
technology I'm going to solve all the
problems in the economy whether it's
growth whether it's income whether it's
you know productivity and the like does
the strategy sort of work the sort of
tech supply side sort of growth model I
think the tech supply side is more about
um a response to the US China rivalry in
I mean trade tension first now is tech
rivalry especially with more uh
potential of the tax sanction basically
uh Chinese government feels like it has
to rely on itself so we see this uh kind
of more push on the tech self-reliance
and also advanced manufacturing I would
say that's already part of the plan
because China has been trying to do uh
digitalization and the green
transformation and eventually that will
help China build advanced and smart uh
factories uh that can uh boost the
productivity.
>> Sorry to interrupt. There's okay there's
more breaking news coming through and I
just have to make it clear that this is
still on China but this is I I don't
think anything to do with the briefing
that's going on. So based on
our sourcing it does seem that state
Chinese state buyers
have stepped back from buying Russian
oil um after these sanctions. So we're
looking at the likes of COPC have
cancelled some purchases of Seaborn
Russian crude after the news earlier
this week of sanctions on Rosenef and
Lucal adding to signs of disruption to
the oil market. It's it's worth keeping
in mind that similar dynamics but with
an India perspective launched crude
prices on a massive uptrend yesterday.
We're not seeing that so far play out
across the markets. Although Shanghai
crude is playing a bit of catch-up there
but yes and this takes us into and Jing
Leo let me bring you back not
specifically on this but the the China I
think some of the lines coming through
from Wao on the Minister of Commerce
looking to expand China's pool of
trading partners it it underscores this
re-emphasis on exports and finding
you know leaning into this recent growth
driver of exports. What do you make of
of of just the what's the export outlook
effectively and what does it mean for
policy perspective?
>> Right. Um actually in yesterday's
comment it says that China will double
down the efforts on the two-way
investment which means uh encouraging
outbound direct investment and also
facilitating inbound FDI. Um and uh just
now during the press conference one tao
uh minister actually saying that China
still has a long way to go in terms of
increasing the imports and also um
pushing for the outbound direct
investment. So I think it is probably
the focus for the uh next several years
uh in a sense the reg globalization we
will likely to see China becoming a
bigger buyer and also u more source of
capital. Um, of course, next week is
APEC. We've have a date set between the
two presidents to meet. Very exciting.
>> Best case scenario, worst case scenario
for you, Jinglu?
>> Well, I think I noticed that this is
going to be a bilateral meeting unlike
uh previously um Benson, Secretary
Benson suggest it could be a pool aside,
which means it's more formal. I think if
it is a pull aside private meeting
between the two president probably they
will set the tone and then the working
level officials will uh side the deal
but if it is a bilateral especially
President Trump said he will make a deal
on everything I think it's likely we'll
see some breakthrough at least China
might start uh buying the soil beans
again there could be some um
breakthrough on fentinel control and uh
uh anything more than that I would say
That's a plus.
>> Okay. What about access to key
technology in the US? Do you think
that's part of uh in terms of the best
case scenario like what's China going to
get out of it?
>> I guess um recently there are quite some
uh noises especially everything is on
the table when US official talk about
that.
>> Well, the US is saying it. We're not
hearing it from the Chinese though which
is interesting.
>> Yeah, I think Chinese uh has been in a
sense um more cautious about what they
want to say, what they want to achieve.
I believe they have a strategy and then
they are trying to delivering their
strategy. I don't think given the
rivalry between US and China there's
going to be a breakthrough in the
existing sanctions. Uh probably there's
more clarification on the real earth uh
export control. Um some clarification on
the US side and no introduction for uh
any new sanction. I think that would be
the uh baseline case. Uh just before we
let you go, we had the GDB print early
this week. Are you looking to change
your for current for is that changing
some of the the thinking around HSBC's
now the the in-house projections?
>> Not really. I think uh pretty much on
track. Uh what probably the downside
surprise is the contraction on the
investment side. But I actually hold the
view the Q4 will look better. uh mainly
because we see there uh seem to be a lot
of uh measures in order to boost the
local government financial uh situation.
So that can translate into
infrastructure investment so on so
forth.
>> Fantastic. Thank you so much. Nice to
see you Jinglio there. Uh Greater China
chief economist at HSBC Global
Investment Research and I believe we are
going to take you straight back of
course to this ongoing briefing that's
taking place now in Beijing. Let's
listen in
>> this care services.
will empower the elderly to remain
economically active. We will prudently
implement a gradual, flexible, and
depreciated approach to pushing back the
statutory retirement [clears throat]
age. Optimize policies on age
restrictions in employment and social
security. Actively develop human
resources among and expand the silver
economy. healthcare efforts must focus
on senior care and um
maternal and child care. It also needs
to provide comprehensive services to the
entire population including prevention,
treatment and rehabilitation.
[snorts]
So as to
lay a solid foundation of health and
population for Chinese modernization.
Thank you.
Thank you. I now give the floor to Mr.
[clears throat]
to brief you on Hong Kong party
leadership
[clears throat] and
>> thank you
to uphold and strengthen the overall
leadership of the party is the
fundamental guarantee for advancing
Chinese modernization.
>> All right, we're going to wrap things up
here of course as we've been hearing a
little bit more about this whole tech
self-reliance. Um we are hearing that
the president in fact according to
Shinua has been speaking with nonparty
members of this five-year plan and once
again you are hearing this intensified
focus on tech where self-reliance
supports quality development. What else
are you seeing Dave?
>> Yeah I mean initial I mean these we're
just getting these lines out of Shininoa
on this. We've been an hour into this
briefing in Beijing and you know what
slowly emerged very early is an overlap
really between the two themes here of
self alliance and this look inward to
[music] you know to to lean into your
strengths here.
>> Yeah. Uh pushing for optimized regional
economic layout right we we'll continue
to decipher some of the readings and and
[music] lines coming through here from
local media here. But that is it for us
here on the China show. Insight with
Hassan Amen is next. Stay with us.
>> [music]